Known issues for nrf53 (#3500)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

FOTA does not work
  FOTA with the :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` does not work.

> 

Reviewer: This entry should be moved to the Zephyr section.

> The hci_uart-example supports maximum 69 bytes of HCI Data packet payload.

Reviewer: Is there a JIRA issue for this?

> The hci_uart-example supports maximum 69 bytes of HCI Data packet payload.
>   **Workaround** Modify :file:`ncs/zephyr/include/bluetooth/hci_raw.h`::
>   Change BT_L2CAP_MTU from 65 to 247.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limited HCI data packet payload in HCI UART sample
  The :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth-hci-uart-sample` sample supports a maximum of 69 bytes of HCI data packet payload.
  
  **Workaround:** In the :file:`ncs/zephyr/include/bluetooth/hci_raw.h` file, change the value for ``BT_L2CAP_MTU`` from 65 to 247.
```
